Hallway:
You push open the large wooden door, which creaks loudly echoing off the walls. You are sure you heard the whispering of soft voices as you opened the door, but they quickly cease as you step foot inside. There is little light in the room before you, since there is only a few small windows high above your head. In order to investigate the source of the whispers you use the torch in your back pack to penetrate the darkness. Through the shadows, you can see the room is a long and thin hallway, with three doors at the end of it. One is straight ahead and the others are on the left and right of the corridor. Hanging down the left hand side of the hall  are three dusty portraits. Although you can't make them out clearly, they appear to show three beautiful young girls. You eye them suspiciously. On the right hand wall hangs an massive moth eaten tapestry,which is covered with some kind of strange symbols. However suddenly something else catches the corner of your eye, a figure. You feel panic rising inside. As your eyes adjust,  you observe a tall, regal look suit of armour standing to attention. You wonder if the axe it is holding is real.

Ballroom:
You enter a magnificent ornate ballroom. It is lit by sunlight streaming through several large round windows high on the wall to your right. The sunlight is bouncing off an immense mirror which covers the entire wall to your left. You can see into every corner of the room. It is empty apart from two objects which catch your attention. Towering in front of you is an old,  historic pipe organ. It looks dusty and dilapidated in places, but you are sure it will still play a few notes. Above your head, in the middle of the room, is a dazzling, sparkling crystal chandelier. Some of the chains have come loose and you hope it doesn't come crashing down on your head.

Secret Room:
Immediately a damp, musty smell strikes you. You step into the eternal darkness which is spread out like a thick cloak ahead you. Nothing can be seen or heard. 

Use torch:
Artificial light illuminates the room, casting quiet shadows into the corners. You gaze intently around, to find yourself in a small box like room with a low ceiling. It is empty except a small sign hanging on the east wall, and three small chest sitting on a solid oak table. The brass plaques on the chests are still glinting brightly from their previous polish. You deduce no has been in this room for a long time due to thick layer of dust covering everything. 

Walk/look at chest/table
Suddenly from behind you you here a small titter, as if someone has laughed. Spinning the torch round to look behind you, you peer back into the corridor you have just entered from. You are greeted with a rush of wind, the flapping of wings and a loud screech. Your heart stops abruptly. Then your torch light catches a small bat, startled in the brightness. You breathe deeply and turn back to the room.  

Look at sign:
the sign is encased in a flamboyant solid silver frame. The writing matches the frame , scripted in beautiful calligraphy. It reads:' Worthy wanderer behold the chest, to find the wonders you have just one guess. Inside one find the the family treasure, although arguments it causes with little pleasure. Think hard and choose wisely my faithful friend, Which chest is correct or your fortunes at an end.”  

Kitchen:
Spread in front of you is an immense old Victorian style kitchen. However, rather than the size the first thing which impacts you is the stench of rotton food. Scanning the area, you still the offending items sat on the wooden oval table i the middle of the room: a gone off glass of milk, and a something which could have once been distinguished as a a block of cheese. With a jolt, you realise the food can't have been here for long, reminding you of why you are here. You must find your uncle. Around the edge of the kitchen are the usual kitchen items such as: a large cast iron oven, various pots and pans which have accumulated thick layers of dust, and a food larder with the door slightly ajar. In front of you is a glass fronted door, through which you can see the garden. To your left, in the corner are a step of steps leading down to an huge door with lots of rusty iron padlocks on.    

Walk to (whatever item):
Suddenly you feel feel both feet getting pulled out from beneath you and tumble headlong across the floor. The next thing you know you head makes contact with table and you hear a loud crack: your head! You take a few minutes to orientate yourself, both you stand up again, dazed and confused. You look around you and spot the offending item you tripped on. A wooden spatula.

Walk into larder: It is empty except several large cobwebs and a box of matches. 
Look at matches: It says 'Hotel Carina'. You ponder, where have you heard that name before. Then, like a bolt of lightening it hits you. That is the same hotel another distant uncle of yours owns in Barbados. You have never been before but your parents visited last year. Why is there of box of matches from it here you wonder? 

Conversation of portraits:

look at portraits:

Peering through the gloom you can make just make out three portraits, each containing a beautiful girl. You eye them suspiciously, while they rest majestically in their ornate dusty frames.  They all sit   quietly, minding their own business, facing the opposite wall. Underneath, in beautiful calligraphy writing, you read their names: Serena , Helena and Christina Thompson. You are immediately taken aback, that is your surname. You dismiss it quickly a  simple common coincidence. You assume they are sisters.

Look at portraits:
Peering through the gloom you can make just make out three portraits, each containing a beautiful girl.The dark haired girl, in the portrait nearest to you, is glaring at her blonde peers; as if she can see straight through her frame into theirs. 

Look at portraits:
Peering through the gloom you can make just make out three portraits, each containing a beautiful girl.The tall blonde girl in the middle portrait, is looking stern and sincere. She is clearly the youngest of the three  sisters. The handkerchief in her hands is monogrammed 'S'.

Look at portraits:
Peering through the gloom you can make just make out three portraits, each containing a beautiful girl. The portrait furthest away from you is the hardest to distinguish. Squinting through the darkness you see another blonde girl. Her pristine posture suggests that she is oldest sister. 


Look at portraits:

Peering through the gloom you can make just make out three portraits, each containing a beautiful girl. The youngest looking girl is crying , while the two girls either side are looking thunderous and pointing angrily at her. You are sure that if you could here them talk, you would be witnessing an aggressive scene. You are unsure, but somewhere in the distance you hear whispers of “Cheat” and “Thief”

Look at portraits:

Peering through the gloom you can make just make out three portraits, each containing a beautiful girl. The youngest girl has stopped crying, has her hands on her hips and appears to be now threatening the other blonde sister. She clearly looks livid, you think if they were actually alive she would have jumped in the nearest portrait and throttled the girl. The dark haired girl is watching intently with a evil glint in her eye. The whispers appear to have changed and you convinced you hear “Father's Pet” and “swindler”. 

Look at portraits:

Peering through the gloom you can make just make out three portraits, each containing a beautiful girl. The two blonde sisters now appear to have turned on the dark haired sister, who looks to be stunned beneath what you can only imagine to be a tirade of abuse. The whisperings are definately louder and clearer this time, and you catch glimpses of entire sentences. You can make out “Christina...fortune....eldest” but the rest us muffled. 


Here is conversation, i think it should loop after this. I thought in the secret room there is three chest labelled: Serena, Helena, Christina. The clue is “search the dark haired mistress” or something similar, and you have to work out the name of the dark haired girl (see if you can do it!)

